How we work | Indutrade
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
Go to language selector
Contact
English
Svenska
Suomi
Nederlands
Our
company
culture
is
our
guidance
Start
Entrepreneurs
How we work
How we work
Indutrade is a long-term owner that applies a decentralised business model based on clear values. Our company culture guides us from the acquisition phase to how we run, build and develop businesses in a responsible manner.
The core of our company culture is value-based leadership with a great amount of freedom and self-determination. Each company has its own MD, who is ultimately responsible for managing the operations. A typical Indutrade company generates annual sales of between SEK 50-200 million – an amount that enables each MD to maintain overall control and quickly adapt the business to customer requirements.
Decentralisation
The best decisions are made by the people who best understand customer needs and processes. Since Indutrade's inception in 1978, our philosophy has therefore been to run a decentralised organisation, in which financial responsibility is delegated to the subsidiaries that generate the business transactions, earnings and cash flow.
All of our companies are responsible for their own profitability, which promotes flexibility and a strong entrepreneurial spirit.
Remain independent after acquisition
Our companies enjoy considerable freedom, which promotes customer adaptation and flexibility and provides ideal conditions for retaining an entrepreneurial spirit within the organisation. Moreover, the self-determination exercised by the MDs of our subsidiaries is also an important factor for retaining key employees in acquired companies. In our acquisition model, acquired companies retain their name, culture and management when they become part of the Group. Indutrade has no exit strategy and by selling to Indutrade, the company's future is secured.
Strong culture characterizes the group
We conduct a thorough assessment of potential acquisitions. In addition to meeting requirements for financial performance, the acquired companies must also have a highly skilled management team, be characterised by a genuine entrepreneurial spirit and possess deep technical expertise. They should preferably hold a leading position in their own particular niche. The most important factors in an acquisition process are possibly culture and values. Indutrade therefore devotes a great deal of time in the initial stages to meeting the management team and key employees in order to create mutual awareness and understanding. It is vital that acquired companies understand how Indutrade works. Acquisitions can only be successful when both parties have a similar understanding of our basic values.
Sustainable entrepreneurship
It is of utmost importance that our companies continually strive to improve their social, environmental and economic impact. Responsible action and focus on sustainability creates long-term value and enhances our competitiveness. Our code of conduct is an important tool for communicating and promoting our shared principles and values, as well as ensuring a common view on sustainable entrepreneurship.
Strong local presence
A great many of our subsidiaries work in smaller cities or towns, where they are expected to be perceived as reliable and responsible, for example by ensuring that the local environment is not negatively impacted by the company's operations. Additionally, our companies contribute to local growth and development by creating jobs and promoting entrepreneurship and local investment.
Agencies and proprietary products
We strive for a balance between companies that primarily conduct sales of technological solutions, and companies with their own products and brands. The proportion of Group companies with proprietary products has gradually grown and now accounts for 40% of consolidated net sales.
We focus on sales of products in niche markets where a leading position can be achieved. Our strong market positions are usually a prerequisite for high profitability. They also make it easier to attract the best suppliers, which further consolidates our position.
Established companies reduce risk
Our business risk is minimised by acquiring companies with established customer relationships, high profitability and a market presence. This is also strengthened by companies that share our culture and business ethics.
Our companies vary in size, but usually comprise 15-40 employees, most of whom are sales engineers or technicians. Most companies have developed deep and long-standing relationships with customers and suppliers over a number of decades, and have gradually become specialists in their field of technology.
The business of technology sales companies usually revolves around a few strong, well-established suppliers, complemented by a number of small agencies. Manufacturing companies are also characterised by long-standing relationships with customers and subcontractors, and refine their focus to a limited number of product lines.
Focus on profit margins and growth
The role of the Parent Company and the business areas is to support the companies with industrial expertise, financing, business development and performance management. Performance management focuses on the objectives of growth, profit margins and capital efficiency. Our companies can also benefit from comparisons and an informal exchange of ideas and experience between each other. In 2006, an annual internal benchmarking system was introduced in the form of a ranking list to clarify the objectives for the companies, and to keep the companies’ MDs informed about best practices in other Group companies.
Quality
Our goal is that products and services meet or exceed customer expectations. As a result, high quality is always prioritised. Customers should associate Indutrade with quality products, reliable delivery, excellent technical support, and positive and professional service.
Read more
Selling to Indutrade
Since the start in 1978 we have developed a well-structured acquisition process that ensures quality and contributes to our overall objective: sustainable profitable growth.
Selling to Indutrade
Being a part of Indutrade
To get the best understanding of how we work and what it means to be a part of Indutrade, you can read these stories of some of the entrepreneurs who have sold their companies to us.
Being a part of Indutrade
Acquisitions
Indutrade has a long record of experience in company acquisitions. It is a natural component of our operations and fundamental to our strategy for growth.
Acquisitions