Toimintatapamme | Sponsor Capital
top of page
Copyright © Sponsor Capital Oy 2026.
All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.
Close
Contact us
Contact us
Sponsor's way of working
Every investment we make is first and foremost an investment in people. The right people, in the right place, with the right incentives. For us, people are always the most important investment criterion.
For us, the starting point of an investment is not a specific industry, but an interesting company and a capable management team with whom we share both chemistry and vision.
Typical investment target
We invest in companies with a committed management team, an established position in their market and positive, predictable cash flow. We value clear growth and development potential that can be realised together.
Size category
Our target companies typically have net sales in the range of EUR 15–200 million euros. We also invest in smaller companies, particularly when the goal is significant growth through acquisitions or industry consolidations.
Investment model
We invest together with the portfolio company's management and key personnel. An incentivising and rewarding ownership structure is built for management, supporting shared goals. When designing the capital structure, we take into account the management's financial situation and available financing resources.
Ownership period
Our typical ownership period is 4–7 years. As each investment is unique, the period can extend to ten years. The ownership period ends when the company enters a new phase of development, making it the right time to transfer ownership to the next partner.
Private equity
What is private equity? Investments in privately held companies are made at various stages of development.
Investment strategy
Investment situations
Our goal is to develop the company's operations and support its long-term growth. When making an investment decision, we form a shared view together with management on the actions needed to actively develop the company during our ownership period.
Typical investment situations
Management buyouts and buy-ins (MBO/MBI)
Growth financing
Divestments of business units
Industry consolidations
Ownership arrangements of family businesses
Privatisations
Business development
Beyond capital, we bring expertise, experience and active ownership to our companies. Our most important partner is the operational management, which we support in developing the company in a variety of ways.
​
The division of responsibilities between management and owners is clear: management is responsible for day-to-day operations and executing the jointly agreed business plan. We contribute to strategy development and support its implementation through professional board work.
​
Our key areas of focus in development work are:
Financing and capital structure
Strategy sharpening
Operational development
Growth of business
Corporate acquisitions
Sparring and consulting
Beyond board work, we support management in their day-to-day work. We act as a sparring partner when needed, help drive change and leverage our network, for example, to find the right senior experts.
Investment process
Investment is a joint project between Sponsor, management, the entrepreneur and any other owners. Our shared journey unfolds in three phases.
1. The period leading up to the acquisition
Collaboration begins by getting to know the company's business, market, growth opportunities, and most importantly, each other.
​
A key part of our work is to get to know the entrepreneurs, the company's key people and the industry, and to identify whether this is a suitable investment situation for both parties. At the same time, we form a common vision of what the collaboration aims to achieve: how to develop the company, how to price the investment and what the financial goals, returns and risks are for the company.
2. The period of joint ownership
The partnership period begins at closing and typically lasts 4–7 years, during which we focus on developing the company and supporting its growth together with management. Our collaboration is guided by the planned and determined execution of jointly defined goals.
​
The management team has the authority and responsibility for the company's day-to-day operations. In close collaboration and dialogue between owners and management, the strategy is refined when needed, and the goals and risks of larger development initiatives are assessed together. We spar, support and help management achieve their goals and ensure that sufficient resources are available.
3. Exit
When the goals set for the joint project are met, it is time to prepare for a transfer of ownership to the next partner.
​
We are professionals of exit processes. In co-operation with management, we map out the most suitable buyer candidates and proceed with the party deemed the best fit. At this point, the return on investment is realised for the owners, and ownership responsibility is transferred to a new owner who sees strong value and development potential in the company and its people.
Investment criteria
Sponsor Capital is looking to invest in Finnish companies with net sales in the range of 15–200 million euros and stable and profitable operations.
In typical investment scenario, the current owners wish to realise part of the company’s value and seek support to accelerate growth, consolidate the industry, expand business abroad or implement a generational change.
​
We are open-minded and interested in all industries. Please visit our current and past investments
here
.
If your company meets our investment criteria, feel free to contact us! All our discussions are confidential.
Contact us
bottom of page