Subsidiaries | Teqnion
Please visit our
webshop
filled with Teqnion merch
Start
Subsidiaries
Our niche subsidiaries
Teqnion's subsidiaries operate within narrow technology niches, with moats and to specific niche competence being found in the subsidiaries, both in terms of business model, the products and their applications. Teqnion's philosophy therefore focuses on decentralized subsidiary management, where development is based on the subsidiaries' individual strategies, rather than through the parent company's central management function.
Abercromby Vending
Scotland's specialist in fresh food vending and unattended retail.
Abercromby Vending designs, installs and operates vending machines, micromarkets and fully automated canteens for hospitals, transport hubs and workplaces across Scotland. Fresh food is prepared daily in the company's own commercial kitchen in Glasgow and distributed by its own fleet to around 300 sites.
www.abercrombyvending.com/
Air Target
Specialists in acoustic target indication systems for supersonic projectiles.
Air Target Sweden AB develops and sells equipment for military practice shooting in the form of different types of unique indication systems for presentation and storage of shooting data. Founded in 1956, the company is a global supplier to military organizations and the defence industry in more than 30 countries.
www.airtarget.se
Avelair
Designs and manufactures energy-efficient air compressors.
Avelair is a leading manufacturer in the UK, specializing in energy-efficient and reliable screw compressors. The company provides complete compressed air solutions, including design, installation, and maintenance. The products include fixed and variable speed compressors, air treatment systems, and custom packages for compressed air. Avelair is known for excellent customer service and ensures optimal efficiency, safe operation, and cost savings for customers.
avelair.co.uk
Awarded 2U
UK leading provider of custom-made awards to corporate
Awarded 2U, based in Herefordshire is one of UK’s leaders when it comes to providing corporate customers with custom-made awards. The company is handling every step of the process in-house, from design to production to final production. The success of the company stems from among other things from their customer-centric focus, long-proven reliability and creativity.
www.awarded2u.com
Belle Coachworks
Bespoke Enclosed Vehicle Transporters based in England.
Belle designs, manufactures and markets the vehicle transports that few others can handle. Regardless of whether you are transporting luxury cars, concept cars or armored vehicles, Belle is the obvious choice when it comes to quality, service and finish.
www.bellegroups.co.uk
Birkett Bogmats
UK's Leading Supplier for Bog Mats & Crane Mats
Birkett Bogmats Ltd is a business specialising exclusively in the supply of hardwood timber bog mats. From their depot in Stratford-upon-Avon, they support industries including construction, civil engineering, plant hire, and energy with dependable ground protection and temporary access solutions.
With years of experience that stems from 1974 and a strong focus on customer service, Birkett have built a reputation for reliability, straightforward dealings, and consistent product quality. Their hardwood mats are widely used across the UK on infrastructure projects, utilities, and environmentally sensitive sites, ensuring safe and efficient access even in the most challenging ground conditions.
www.birkettsbogmats.com
Cambs Compressor Engineering Limited
Full-Service Supplier and Service Partner for Air Compressors
Cambs Compressors offers a comprehensive range of high-performance new industrial compressors from leading manufacturers, with a focus on energy-efficient and robust solutions that meet customers’ requirements for quality, reliability, and cost efficiency. In addition to supplying new equipment, the company assists customers in selecting the right product based on application, operating conditions, and long-term operating costs.
www.cambscompressors.co.uk/
Cellab Nordia
Comprehensive solutions in pathology, histology, cytology, cell and molecular biology.
Cellab Nordia AB markets and sells instruments and consumables and offers certified technical service. The customers are mainly found in Sweden within both clinical laboratories and research laboratories - where the activities are focused on clinical research, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, food and quality assurance.
www.cellab.se
CMW
Strong partner in contract manufacturing when it comes to qualified chip-cutting metalworking.
Cutting Metal Works was founded 2005 in Valdemarsvik. The company has secured a reputation for delivering the highest quality on time. When demanding customers seek secure deliveries of complex components with tight tolerances, they turn to CMW.
www.cmwab.se
Edurus Gravstenar
Swedish market leader in tombstones.
Edurus Gravestones, which dates back to 1999, is the market leader in Sweden for headstones, stone statuettes and second name engraving to and through funeral homes. The company's customers are primarily undertakers but also has some direct sales to private individuals. Eduru's factory is located in Malung, Sweden. The company is established as a high-quality, efficient and reliable supplier in a conservative and stable industry.
www.edurus.se
Eloflex
Market leader in foldable electric wheelchairs.
Eloflex is the market leader in the segment of foldable electric wheelchairs with sales in many European countries. The company is well-known in the assistive technology sector and the products are among the most requested mobility aids on the market. The electric wheelchairs are prescribed via selected county councils (and corresponding government systems in other countries) and are also sold directly to end users via distribution networks in each market.
www.eloflex.se
Elrond Komponent
A complete portfolio for a safe electrical environment.
Elrond Komponent offers complete solutions for a safe electrical environment within automation and installation. The company is a leader in lightning protection in the Nordics and has three main areas: Surge protection / Lightning protection, Uninterrupted Power / UPS and Equalization materials (including lightning conductor systems). We also provide commissioning and service.
www.elrond.se
GB Verkstads & Industrivaror
Customized logistics solutions for industry.
GB Verkstad offers industry supplies in the Sundsvall region since 1981. Over the years, the company has grown into a unique business with one of Norrland's widest product ranges. The product catalog offers, among other things, fasteners, hydraulic components, pipe parts, gaskets, seals, ball bearings, lifting products and transmission items.
www.gbverkstad.se
Grimstorps Byggkomponenter
Highly efficient production of wooden building components.
Grimstorps Byggkomponenter was established in 1997 and has since supplied the construction industry with high-quality building components, trusses and wooden house frames. The company produces complete building kits with accompanying construction drawings for single-family houses but also for multi-storey buildings and semi-detached houses.
www.gbkab.se
Hem1
Design villas.
Hem1 sells architect-designed detached houses to customers with specific house dreams. The company has its own factory and takes responsibility for the entire construction process. Hem1 has delivered dream houses for over 20 years and we think it's just as fun every time!
www.hem1.se
HT Servo
Servo solutions for the more demanding application.
Located in Worthing, West Sussex. The staff of HT Servo have, between them, over 50 years of experience in selecting and supplying high precision servo components and systems with particular emphasis on Direct Drive technology. HT Servo counts many of the UK’s leading aerospace and defence companies among its customers, who choose to procure their motion components - from velocity and position transducers to brushed and brushless DC motors, electro-mechanical actuators, and precision gearing systems - thanks to the company’s technical expertise, robust and reliable solutions and service-minded team.
www.htservo.com
Injab
Leading supplier of measuring transformers.
Injab offers a complete range of high-quality current and measuring transformers as well as solid knowledge of how these are used and installed. The company also offers relay protection in the low and medium voltage range as well as autoreclosers for free wiring and assembly in grid stations as well as touchable single-phase insulated busbars and wall bushings for medium and high voltage applications.
www.injab.se
Inkom
Leading products within a variety of industrial applications
Inkom was founded in 1967 and has extensive experience and vast technical knowledge of its product range. The company has customers all over the Nordic region and supplies electromechanical and electronic components for demanding applications in different industries. The company cooperates with leading international suppliers and delivers from its own warehouse in Kista.
www.inkom.se
INNOGUARD
Innovative and customized laboratory and medical technology products.
INNOGUARD develops, manufactures and markets laboratory and medical technology products to integrate them into laboratories and healthcare environments. The products are sold under its own brand to the company's customers in Scandinavia.
www.innoguard.se
Kema
Leader in stainless steel custom-made fittings for professional kitchens.
Kema designs, manufactures and sells stainless steel products under its own brand for professional kitchens. The company's products, which include wine coolers, warming benches and refrigerated counters, have enjoyed a high reputation in the industry for several decades. Kema is the natural choice for restaurant kitchens that demand customized products of the highest quality.
www.kemastorkok.se
K-Fab
Scandinavian design lamps and home furnishings.
K-FAB supplies modern, affordable and mood-creating lighting for home environments. In 1974 K-FAB was founded in Sundsvall by K-G Granström. K-FAB today has offices in Sundsvall and Chaozhou, China. The company's lighting solutions can be found today at retailers worldwide.
www.k-fab.eu
Lundahl Transformers
World-leading manufacturer of transformers for audio applications.
Lundahl Transformers develops and manufactures transformers of absolute highest quality for the most demanding users within audio - both as an interface between the artist and sound recording and between the recorded media and the speakers. Lundahls also offers adaptations and completely new designs upon request.
www.lundahltransformers.com
Markis City
Logistics solutions for professional customers' refrigerators and freezers.
Markis City refurbishes and distributes professional coolers and freezers to customers in the beverage and food industry. Equipment that is serviced and updated continuously has a longer lifespan and thus creates a smaller ecological footprint. Among the customers are Spendrups, Coca-Cola and Swedish Match.
www.markiscity.se
Merridale Ltd
UK leading designer, manufacturer and service provider of commercial fuelling.
Merridale is one of the UK's leading commercial fuelling manufacturers, capable of supplying, installing and servicing a complete range of fuelling equipment from a single pump to a total turnkey package. The Merridale range includes fuel pumps, fuel management systems, tank gauges and ancillaries that are suitable for any size fleet, from small operations to large fleets with multiple depots. The company was first established in 1994 and now has systems installed at over 5,000 sites throughout the UK, Ireland, Channel Islands and Netherlands where up to 400,000 vehicles fuel every day on a Merridale system.
merridale.co.uk
Midland Special Fasteners
UK Manufacturer and Global Exporter of Special Fasteners & Machined Components
MSF addresses customers' needs for industrial fasteners where neither quality nor unique specifications can be compromised to meet mission-critical application requirements. Based on each customer's unique demands—whether securing components in outer space, engines in supercars, or submarines—MSF delivers these products by either sourcing them globally or manufacturing them in-house in the UK. With extensive industry experience, MSF’s team has built a strong and loyal global customer base.
www.msfasteners.co.uk
Mitab
Complete supplier of cremation furnaces and associated equipment
Mitab was founded in 1979 with the ambition to manufacture a cremation facility with the best emission values ​​on the market. The work has resulted in a completely new patented combustion technology concept. Since then, the company has become a complete supplier of cremation equipment with the cremation furnace as its center, but the range also includes, for example, coffin handling, ash handling, flue gas coolers, etc. Mitab is with the customer from planning, design, manufacturing, installation and service. The company is a technical and market leader in the Nordic region
www.mitab.org
Narva Scandinavia
Light sources and LED luminaires for industry, professionals and consumers.
Narva Scandinavia AB is a lighting company that targets the Nordic market. The company sells light sources under its own brand name NASC, mainly to electrical wholesalers and professional customers. The company's office and warehouse are in Södertälje.
www.narvascand.se
Norband Ltd
One of Europe's leading providers of access control and RFID/NFC products for events, with over 1,000 customers globally.
Norband Ltd. Oy, operating under the brand Nordic Wristbands, is a Helsinki-based company specialising in access control, identification, and RFID/NFC products for events worldwide. The company has over 1,000 active customers globally and serves premier events such as Formula 1, Tomorrowland, and various international festival brands, with customers spanning from Asia to North America and from South Africa to the Scandinavian Lapland. The company has grown into one of Europe’s leading providers of event access control and closed-loop payment products
www.nordicwristbands.com/
Norlin Polymers
Specialist compounder of technical polymers
Since Norlin was founded in 1981 by Norman Holland, the company established itself as a specialist compounder of technical polymers for primarily medical device and pharmaceutical applications across Europe. The compounds are all bespoke and mixed to each customers’ unique product needs, legal guidelines and regulations, including the FDA. The plant which is based in Bolton, UK creates the products through a highly automated around the clock heat extrusion process.
www.norlin.uk.com
Nubis
Highly efficient custom enclosures for data centers
Nubis is a British designer of custom enclosures used by customers operating data centers for high-intensity processing, focusing on GPUs and CPUs. The products are marketed under their own brand and assist customers with high demands in achieving maximum efficiency and lifespan of their servers while significantly reducing energy consumption and carbon footprint compared to their competitors.
nubissolutions.uk
Schill Reglerteknik
Measuring equipment for the alignment of weapon systems.
Schill Reglerteknik develops advanced measuring equipment for dynamic and static alignment of weapon systems. The products are mainly used on board naval vessels but also on certain land-based platforms. With the help of the company's products, you can quickly and efficiently ensure that the fire tube has the highest accuracy.
schill.se
Stans & Press
Customized sheet metal fabrication.
Stans & Press is a contract manufacturer founded in 1974 and specializes in high quality sheet metal products. The company has a modern machine park and solid experience in the manufacture of sheet metal parts. The company primarily works with international industrial customers but also with smaller local players.
www.stanspress.se
Stanwell Technic
Innovative self-developed dispensers, pumps and systems for liquids.
Stanwell develops and markets dispensers, pumps and complex systems for liquids. The company is based in the UK and customers are found primarily in the UK but also to a certain extent within the EU. Stanwell's high quality products ensure that the customer can always rely on the beverage to flow so that customers can enjoy a perfectly poured beer. The consistently high reliability and level of service has meant that their products can be found in almost every pub throughout the UK.
www.stanwelltechnic.co.uk
Surge Protection
Specialists in surge protection in the UK
Since its inception in 2006 in Manchester, Surge has been providing customers across the British Isles with surge protection. Customers span various sectors such as public buildings, defense, airports, and museums, all of whom have been able to safeguard their electronic equipment using Surge's high-quality and innovative products. By consistently offering tailored consultations and prioritizing customer needs, the company has built sustainable relationships while attracting more and more customers.
www.surgedevices.co.uk
Teltek
Market-leading system supplier of industrial scales.
Teltek in Örebro Aktiebolag is a market-leading system supplier in the process industry of solutions for weighing, process control and labeling. The company provides tailor-made solutions of e.g. self-developed check scales and IT systems and owns agencies for X-ray machines, metal detectors and labelling.
www.teltek.se
TEST Ltd
Formed and run by engineering and clinical specialists, Theatre and Endoscopy Service Technicians (TEST Ltd) has built its reputation on solid service principles
T.E.S.T. is a UK-based company specialising in decontamination equipment, validation and testing services for clients operating in controlled environments such as healthcare facilities, veterinary practices and universities. Based in Stoke-on-Trent, T.E.S.T. delivers a comprehensive range of services including equipment manufacture and supply, testing, installation, maintenance and examination. T.E.S.T. has built a strong reputation for quality and reliability, serving an impressive client base that includes the NHS, leading private healthcare providers such as Circle Health and Vanguard Healthcare, as well as universities and veterinary hospitals.
testmedical.co.uk/
Thermasolutions
Specialists in energy saving products for retail and restaurants.
Thermasolutions is a global leader in the design and manufacturing of high-quality refrigeration blind systems for supermarkets, hospitality and restaurants. Located in Northamptonshire, the company supply both the UK and international markets, with customers ranging from small independent outlets to international brands such as Wholefoods, Tesco, Costco and Walmart. The customers repeatedly come back to Thermasolutions due to the company’s level of innovation, service level and proven energy efficiency compared to the competition.
www.thermasolutions.co.uk
TJ Hydraulic
Custom-engineered hydraulic components and systems.
TJ Hydraulic designs, engineers and delivers hydraulic components and systems for demanding industrial applications. The company was founded in Lidköping in 2013 and builds on four decades of hydraulics experience, combining in-house engineering with proprietary designs and a stable network of established suppliers. Robustness, long service life and energy efficiency characterise every solution, which is why leading industrial OEMs across a range of sectors rely on TJ Hydraulic as a critical link in their supply chain.
UKLM
Custom-made lanyards for critical operations
UKLM is a British manufacturer of custom lanyards used as a critical part of the customer's operations, such as large events, trade shows, or product launches. UKLM has become the obvious choice for customers who value design quality, delivery precision, and flexibility.
www.uklanyardmakers.co.uk
Unique Door Panels
Designed and supplier of unique doors.
UK manufacturer of composite and solid doors, and distributor of uPVC infill panels. Unique Door Panels manufactures made-to-order doors at its facility in Radcliffe, Manchester, combining in-house production with a highly personal service for double glazing customers across the northwest of England.
www.uniquecompositedoors.com/
Vicky Teknik
Complete system supplier of equipment for TMA vehicles.
Vicky Teknik AB is the Nordic market's most complete system supplier of equipment for TMA vehicles. The company provides customized and turnkey protective vehicle solutions, which include leading TMA protection, proprietary variable LED signs and associated peripherals.
www.vickyteknik.se
Wallmek
Special tools for the automotive industry.
Wallmek in Kungälv Aktiebolag designs and manufactures special tools that are used in the repair and dismantling of vehicles. The products are sold under its own brand to the company's customers in Europe and North America. With Wallmek's tools for cars, trucks, trailers and construction machinery, repair shops can ensure efficient and ergonomic processes.
www.wallmek.se
WiMa Propulsion AB
Servicing of marine and industrial gas turbine installations.
The company repairs and maintains gas turbines on its own premises, but also performs service and maintenance work in the field. With very long experience and multi-headed competence in the gas turbine area, the company can carry out technical analyzes for maintenance, rebuilding and service, of complete turbine systems.
www.wimapropulsion.se/
Do you want to join the Teqnion family?
Placeholder for additional entrepreneur led high profit niche company
We are constantly on the hunt for Europe's finest companies driven by entrepreneurs that want to find a safe home for their life's work. Is it maybe you? Someone you know? Feel free to send in your tips!
www.teqnion.se/en/
Join the Teqnion family!
Contact Us
Our acquisition strategy
Teqnion has a business model where our operative cash flow is continuously reinvested through the acquisition of new subsidiaries. With our many years of experience in acquisitions and business development, Teqnion can make well-balanced investment decisions at reasonable valuations.
We are looking for companies that are run by sound people with soul and heart. Profitable companies with solid history and good cash flows. Niche businesses with proud employees. Teqnion looks for unique businesses with limited competition, where a relationship with the seller often extends long after Teqnion took over as owner. In this way, existing knowledge, relationships and entrepreneurship are maintained in the company.
Teqnion invests in well-managed industrial companies and further develops these with a focus on long-term value creation. The acquisitions are financed through own cash and bank loans. Our acquisition criteria are primarily profitability with a profit that can withstand restructuring and integration as well as a stable turnover in the range of SEK 25-150 million.
Contact Us
Teqnion is a Swedish industrial company group founded in 2006. The group's subsidiaries operate within narrow technology niches in a wide range of industries. Teqnion's strategy is based on active ownership, optimization of subsidiaries' operations and growth through acquisitions.
Follow us on:
Latest Press Releases
Information
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Pages
About us
Our subsidiaries
Investor relations
Contact us